midway between South Africa and the
South Pole lies the isolated island of
Marion
the island sits in the infamous Roaring
Forties where incessant gale-force winds
draw nutrients up from the depths
ensuring plenty of food for king
penguins the kings are returning from a
three-day fishing trip with food for
their chicks but first they must cross a
crowded Beach threading their way
between gigantic and bad-tempered
elephant sea
the 200,000 penguins breeding here are
testament to the richness of the fishing
king chicks are dependent on their
mothers for over a year and this puts a
great deal of pressure on the parents
being flightless the returning penguins
must cross the open beach on foot
fur seals that have come to the beach to
breathe are waiting for them
fur seals normally live on krill but
these have now acquired an unexpected
taste for blubber rich penguins
penguins may be featherweights by
comparison but they have razor-sharp
bills and a feisty character the seal
could easily lose an eye the only safe
way to grab a penguin is from behind and
the birds are well aware of that
both animals are clumsy on this terrain
but the penguin has the more to lose
made it two out of three penguins
survived the seal attacks and succeed in
reaching their ever-hungry chicks
you